---
title: george washington
date: 2021-02-05
draft: false
---

George Washington was born on February 22, 1732. George Washington's father died when he was 11 years old so his older brother took care of him his brother was named Lawrence,  Lawrence made sure George Washington was a smart boy. When George left the house to find a job he was only 16. George found a job that as a surveyor he had to make maps and measure land. eventually, George Washington joined the Virginia army, soon he was ut in charge of a whole militia. he was part of the militia in the France and India war. after the war George Washington married Martha Dandridge Custis. they lived on a farm together. George was said to be a natural leader he took his skills to Virginia colonial legislature, the group talked about many things but they all agreed that they were being treated unfairly by England. George and a lot of other landowners didn’t like England's many rules that the colonists thought were unfair. England didn't want to change the world, so the colonies decided to declare their independence and they made George the leader of the army. When America declared their independence they started one of the biggest wars in American history which was the American revolution, gorge led a bunch of people to fight against a well trained British army, Georges group was low on food and war supply, but George managed to hold the army together even though he lost so many battles between the British army. on Christmas I 1776 it was a cold winter night the wind was strong and it was snowing the British army thought they were safe but when George and his continental army arrived in Trent the British surrendered. in the siege of new york 